[CALM MUSIC]
>> Relationships are a beautiful
opportunity to experience
the divine feminine
and masculine.
Many of my clients,
they love to always ask
about how to unite with
their divine masculine
or, if they're
already partnered,
how to be in more sacred union
with the partner that they have.
And I've been helping women
for so many years manifest
their divine masculine soulmate.
And my secret is that
even though initially they
come to manifest
the man, once I'm
done with them, what
actually happens
is they become the goddess.
So the goddess says,
desire your beloved.
We are always celebrated
in all of our desires,
including for love, sexual
union, intimacy, a lover.
But what is so magical
and powerful and beautiful
is that whether we
are seeking love,
whether we are in love
and in partnership,
focusing on the sacred
union of the divine feminine
and masculine.
Whether we call
them god or goddess
within me or my feminine
masculine energy
is actually coming
into wholeness.
So my beloved and I,
we're in sacred union.
And when we're asked
what the secret is,
we both truly believe that
it's that when we were single,
we were on our own path,
equally focused on devoted
to cultivating and uniting the
feminine masculine within us.
For me, a lot of this did
involve taking back my power,
as I shared.
And for my beloved,
it was coming
into his masculine but also
his heart, opening his heart.
So when we come
into relationships,
they give us a beautiful
opportunity, especially when
we've taken that time to
unite the divine feminine and
masculine within us.
When that comes
together in partnership,
you get to experience
its expression
through another human soul.
And that is one of the
most sacred experiences
that we can have.
But it begins by
uniting the god goddess,
the divine feminine
masculine within us first.
One thing that us as women can
experience a lot of difficulty
with and resistance is
actually fully embracing
our divine feminine
sexuality and sensuality.
And there's so many reasons.
Women's sexuality has been
in many ways dictated to us
by the masculine.
And so we've lost
that connection
to what it means to actually
own our sexuality, our bodies
as ours to relish it as sacred,
releasing shame, releasing guilt
around the experience of
pleasure, voicing our desires,
our needs to our lovers,
and being at home.
Even our relationship to
our bodies, the pressures
that we have on
looking a certain way,
it can disconnect
us from remembering
that our bodies are the temple
of the goddess that we inhabit.
This is where it can be
so helpful to learn about,
to reconnect with the goddesses.
Goddesses of sexuality--
they are always also
goddesses of love.
So in all cultures, when we have
goddesses-- the Oshun, Hathor,
Aphrodite, Parvati--
from all names and
cultures of sexuality,
they are also goddesses of love.
And first and foremost,
this is self-love.
So what is so healing--
what I love seeing
women come home to
is in their journeys
of reclaiming
their sexuality, sexual
pleasure, sexual union,
it as much becomes
a journey of coming
into your power and true
self-love, self-acceptance,
loving your body not
just as it is, but wow,
my body is a temple
of the goddess that
deserves to be relished
and appreciated by me
and ravished by my lover.
So the standards just
go so high that we're
only available for the most
sacred and beautiful experience
of our sexuality with
ourselves and with whoever
we choose to share that with.
But another issue is
that we are tired.
We women with all
the demands, the way
that the world is set
up, it doesn't entirely
support women to be rested
and nourished and sensual
because, especially
in the Western world,
it's so fast paced.
It's so go, go, go.
And it's so empowering
for us as women
when we reconnect to
our sensuality, when
we give ourselves permission to
slow down, to be in our bodies,
and acknowledge if we feel that
we are in hyper masculine mode
but also sometimes even
in extreme feminine mode.
So the feminine
out of balance can
be the archetype of the
martyr, where we are fixing
everyone else's problems.
We're overgiving.
We're putting
everyone else first.
I come with lineage of
feminine, a lot of martyrdom
and sacrifice.
And I had decided that
will not be my path.
So I've set up my life
to be very feminine.
And what that means for
me is that whether it's
in motherhood, as a leader
in my business, as a wife,
as a daughter, as a friend, in
all my multiple roles that all
of us play, women play,
we do get to be nourished.
And the divine masculine can
help us, especially as women,
to prioritize, create
the discipline,
the actual masculine level
scheduling of self-care time,
support systems, structures
in place for the feminine
to be sensual, to have
time for self-care,
for pleasure, for
rest, for enjoyment.
So that's where I actually find
the beautiful masculine can
really support us
in being sensual.
And it's such a shift
from being in hyper
masculine or hyper
feminine mode to come
into that beautiful balance.
Where we find
ourselves right now
is a really interesting
time because we
have been in a male-dominant
world for so long.
But the goddess is returning.
And a lot of that is because
we are realizing the imbalance
that it's created on our
planet, in our collective,
and how we treat each other.
And then on a very
personal level, especially
for us who are
disconnected to nature,
we're in hyper masculine mode.
There's a healthy masculine.
But we've gone way beyond that.
There's no slowing down.
Success is measured on what
we have and what we accomplish
and how fast we're
going and how much we're
acquiring and accomplishing.
But it disconnects us
to that divine feminine
of like slowing down, of
relishing, of appreciating,
of enjoying, of sharing.
We're just doing and
we are forgetting
the being part, which the
feminine invites all of us
to come back to.
So that's just on a
very personal level.
And then a lot of the
imbalances that we
see on our Earth in
everything that's
happening so that
the few can stay
in power at the expense of
exploiting everybody else,
this is where coming back and
bringing more of the feminine,
whether we want to
come into our hearts
and move away from
so much competition,
into collaboration, into
community, into caring
and compassion.
If all of us come more
into that heart space,
the divine feminine,
the lotus of the heart--
sharing and caring,
that's just a start for us
to heal and hopefully
even evolve together.
So we aren't trying to fight.
It's not a fight.
We are in this together.
I'm sometimes asked, how
do we fight these systems?
How do we fight the patriarchy?
And an answer that
seemed most helpful
is that, how about we shift
the focus from taking back
our own power as women
when we focus on reclaiming
our full divine feminine
power and being sovereign
in everything, our sexuality,
our warrior goddess
energy, our receptivity,
our radiance, our abundance,
feminine energy is the
highest good of all.
It's abundance.
It's family.
It's community.
It's intimacy.
It's love.
It's support.
It's nourishment.
The rise of that is what heals.
And as we are rising as women
and taking responsibility
for reclaiming our own
divine feminine power,
the divine masculine is
rising alongside of us.
And this is the
approach that I find
is a lot more empowering
for all sides.
It's time now.
We have this opportunity to make
a shift in the world as it is.
So as an example,
one of my clients--
highly successful businesswoman,
ran her own business.
And in my goddess
mystery school training,
there's an initiation where
it's all about feminine cycles,
honoring your cycles.
And she was shocked
to realize that when
she started designing her life
in a more feminine way-- so very
busy, successful business.
But she decided she's going to
take the first day of her period
off.
So this is something,
as women, if we
can do for ourselves, if we
are in our menstruating years,
taking our first full
menstrual day to slow down,
ideally off of work, or
just giving ourselves
some time to rest.
What she found was that she
had her highest income month
when she started that practice
and just started delegating
and, again, bringing in some of
that divine masculine support.
So even in the
world that we're in,
we can make choices where
we bring in the masculine
to support us instead of trying
to be in hyper masculine mode
and keep going and then
letting the masculine support
us in a way, whether it's
through delegating, creating
more systems, structures,
support for ourselves so that we
can rest more, so we can take
either the period day off
or time for rest.
I've been taking Fridays off
since I began my business
in 2012 as my goddess day.
But at the same time, it's
important to acknowledge
that the structures
of the world, it's
not just that it's our choices.
The way the world and corporate
structures are designed
is that you're rewarded
for how hard you work,
how long you work, how much you
over give, how much you strive,
how much you hustle.
But the feminine way that
we are beginning to create
is boundary setting
is really prioritizing
self-care, wellness for all.
And studies show it actually
increases productivity
when employers support
more rest, meditation
room in the workplace.
It's challenging in the
times that we're in.
But we have this opportunity
now to begin to take a stand,
to push back.
I remember when I was
in the corporate world,
it was a very tumultuous place.
You could not talk
back to the boss.
And when he demanded that I be
on call to take the laptop home,
be on the cell phone till 10:00
PM, seven nights a week, I said,
I will be here 100%
for my 9:00 to 5:00.
But after that, when I
log off, I'm in my life.
And everyone said,
did he fire you?
And somehow, he kept me.
For some reason, I think it
made him respect me more.
But I pushed back.
And it's not easy.
This is where the
warrior goddess
energy, the Lilith
archetype, you
can't be afraid of saying no
and of the consequence of that.
And sometimes, when I was forced
to exit the corporate world
for many reasons
and pushing back,
that's how I ended up
creating my business, which
is based on freedom and the
flourishing of the feminine.
So I'm not saying
that it's easy.
It has its challenges,
the world, the way
that it is right now.
But we have a responsibility
to ourselves to be true
and to live our most flourishing
lives and to create them.
And to bring all
of this together,
one of the most
beautiful things we
can do to remember
the divine feminine
is, first of all,
to know that she--
this beautiful energy, this
power is within us and all
around us.
And because the feminine is so
accessible to us in our bodies,
in nature, she loves ritual.
So a really simple way is to
bring her into our every day.
And this can be as simple as
a ritual of when we wake up,
connecting to our
soul, connecting
to the wisdom of the
universe, of spirit, of god
goddess, whoever we connect to.
It can be as simple as a prayer.
Before we get into the
busyness of our day,
the first thing we do is just
take a moment to be still,
to slow down, to pause.
One practice I know that they
love to do throughout the day
is taking moments throughout
the day to come into your body.
Because in our day, we're going
to be very much in our heads.
So the feminine asks us,
just come into your body.
And a very simple practice
is bringing our hands
on our hearts.
We can go from the head, the
thinking, the doing, the task,
the busyness, all of
that into our heart,
maybe even feeling our
breath and our heartbeat.
And then if we really find that
we're too much in our head,
bringing our energy or
focus into our bodies,
placing our hands on our sacral
chakra for us women on our womb
and even down to our feet
and feeling the earth.
These are practices
we can do every day.
We don't need anything
outside of us.
But there are so many
other beautiful practices,
like lighting incense,
practicing a goddess mantra.
There are male
monks, Buddhist monks
who love to chant
the goddess Kuan Yin
mantra to experience inner peace
and wish enlightenment and peace
for all beings everywhere.
So there are so many ways to
revere and feel and become
one with the divine feminine
through simple daily practices.
The goddess, in one of
her most revered names,
is known as the goddess
of 10,000 names.
And this is that when we
embody the divine feminine,
we become not only healed
and whole ourselves.
But ultimately, what the divine
feminine also desires to be
is a vessel and a channel
of miracles and abundance
and blessings for the highest
good of all for all beings
everywhere--
Mother Kuan Yin, Mother Mary,
Mother Isis, in all her names.
It serves all of humanity
for us to heal ourselves,
for us to become whole, and for
us to unapologetically allow
ourselves to flourish in
every way in our Earth life
spiritually, sexually,
essentially, abundantly.
And it's this ripple,
this ocean of blessings
that ripples out to all.
And the reason is because
the goddess is within.
So like Lakshmi, the
goddess is the source.
And what truly happens is
when women work with me,
they'll say, yes, I manifested
my dreams and all these desires
that I had.
But the greatest gift
that I experienced was I
feel that I came home to
god goddess within me.
And ultimately, that
is what coming home
to the divine feminine is, is
that we are one with the source.
So we're no longer looking
outside of our life
and ourselves for anything,
for anyone to heal us,
to complete us, to validate us.
But we are one
with our divinity.
And through that,
connected to source,
we become a channel for our
light and all these blessings
to flow through us and overflow
to all beings everywhere.
Now, I'm so happy to lead
us through a gentle, guided
meditation to connect with
our divine feminine energies
through our seven chakras
or energy centers.
So if you'd like to join
me, get comfortable.
Close your eyes.
Take any seated posture, where
your body is most comfortable.
Rest your hands.
And gently bring your
awareness to your breathing.
Not trying to breathe
in any particular way
but just letting yourself be.
And setting your intention
to connect with the divine
feminine within you.
Gently bringing your
awareness to your root,
which is at the
base of your spine.
And visualizing or
sensing that there
are roots growing from the base
of your spine through your legs,
through the soles of your
feet, down through the ground,
through the earth, through the
heart of Mother Earth, known
as Gaia, as Pachamama,
as our Earth Mother.
Feeling her feminine
power, also called her
Shakti, her life force.
Feeling it at the core
radiating at her center.
And she sends this as a
gift through your roots,
rising up from her center
through your roots,
up through your feet,
your legs, and igniting
the base of your spine.
You feel that connection.
Your breath has softened.
Instantly, you have
become grounded.
You are in your body,
rooted, energized,
and feeling that
divine feminine energy
at the base of your spine of
nourishment for Mother Earth,
of safety and security
and support and abundance.
Breathe in.
Breathe out.
Bringing your awareness
to your sacral chakra
just below your belly.
If you want to even
place your hands here,
feeling your vitality,
your sensuality,
your connection to your senses,
your connection to pleasure.
Opening yourself
up to experiencing
more beauty, more pleasure,
more joy, more laughter, more
intimacy.
Sacred sexuality,
loving your body,
enjoying your body and all
the pleasures of this life,
of your life.
Radiance, creativity,
receptivity, flow.
If you feel called, the
sound here of the goddess
of the divine feminine is "ah",
the sound of pleasure and joy.
Exhaling with the (SIGHS) ahhh.
Beautiful.
And bringing your hands to
your belly, your solar plexus.
Letting it shine
like a radiant sun.
Feeling or visualizing
pure radiant power,
your divine power, your
inner warrior or warrioress.
Empowered.
Strong with clear will, clear
standards, clear boundaries.
You have the power to persevere.
You have the right to shine.
You are centered in your radiant
self-worth and value and power.
You shine from the
center like a sun.
Breathing in.
Breathing out.
If you wish to place
your hands on your heart,
connecting to your emotions.
Whatever you're feeling
right now, honoring it.
Feeling your heart open like
a lotus flower or a rose.
The gift of love, of
vulnerability, of intimacy,
of connection, of
giving and receiving
love and joy and
compassion, that it
is safe and beautiful for
you to live from your heart.
Breathing in.
Breathing out.
Resting your hands.
Awareness to your throat.
The goddesses use words
of power to manifest.
So feeling the power of
your voice and your truth.
Giving yourself permission
to speak your truth,
to express your most
authentic self clearly
and gracefully, to
express your creativity
and your gifts in the world
from confidence and beauty.
Breathe in.
Breathe out.
Bringing your awareness to
the center of your forehead,
your wisdom, your intuition.
Allowing yourself to
slow down, to get quiet.
And receive and follow and
trust your intuitive messages,
guidance, your soul's visions
for yourself, your next steps.
And taking beautiful
masculine action from this
divine feminine
inspiration and intuition.
Breathing in.
Breathing out.
And bringing awareness to
your crown, to the goddess,
to heaven, to light.
Opening to your oneness
with all of life
and the remembrance
that you are here
to create your most
flourishing life
and to birth heaven
on earth, to be
a channel of
miracles for yourself
and for the highest good of all.
And if you wish to seal this
by bringing your palms together
in front of your heart,
thanking yourself
for trusting, for
taking this journey
to connect with the divine and
especially the divine feminine
and letting its magic
flow through you
and the rest of your day.
Breathing in.
Breathing out.
Namaste.